hi guys and welcome back to another
video if you are new here
my name is Olivia Jarvis and today I am
just gonna talk to you about how I
manage my tires keeping fit going to the
gym having a social life you know
drinking of water everything time
management is an absolute key priority
for me something I really didn't like
used to be good at at all and I have
like quite a jam-packed schedule
especially at the moment of my final
year of uni studying business management
in Manchester I start my own business
about two months to three runs slow
everything is quite busy at the moment
I've also got like hella deadlines I've
got around I've got four assignments
I've nearly finished one three exams and
then I finished thirty-year like then I
can graduate if you didn't know I
studied my first and second year in
London and then a direct into it into
Manchester by now but yeah usually first
things first I wake up around half six
seven always always always start with a
coffee and then get ready put makeup on
put some clothes on sometimes I were
acting where sometimes I wear tops and
jeans I keep things quite simple dated
but rather than doing like I sit down
video I thought I'll just kind of show
you what it's usually on a day to day
with uni and work and stuff and try to
make it not as boring other days can
sometimes be as your meal prep quite a
lot I'll show you some cool recipes that
I really like and are quick and easy and
just save you time and stuff especially
if you're busy this isn't just
necessarily for like uni students this
is super handy for like if you work nine
to five full-time work from home if
you're at school literally anyone with a
busy schedule I'm pretty sure this could
help
one thing I've tried for about two or
three months now is not going on the
phone first thing in the morning I've
noticed a huge difference just in my
general mood like straight away I don't
really want to start with a based on the
first thing I see on my phone like an
Instagram post on someone else's terms
and yeah I just start going to start my
day on the framework of what the first
thing that you see on your phone and I
make sure that I get like what I just
get done get ready then go on the phone
like when I'm ready for the day one tip
I would definitely suggest if your busy
schedule is making sure you've got a
calendar and you write everything on
there as well as like an ongoing to-do
list like this can be for ATS which is
like grabbing milk
or something like that main priority and
it just helps you get stuff done that's
higher priority than something like go
milk you know but you're obviously you
need milk so you don't to forget that
and this really helps me stay so I'm
just gonna show you how I might wear my
staple breakfast which is just overnight
oh I literally put some sort of a
blender mix it without leave it
overnight you can practice for however
long
make sure you clicking it easier and
I'll just like I'm making things at like
AG change or it up it in and that kind
of thing that into so good so that's TVs
for always but just put like as many as
you like in there some unsweetened
almond milk put quite a lot of that in
Pat counted which is the a full scoop up
impact way teeny tiny bit of vanilla
extract bit as the sugary golden syrup
to blend this together then that kind of
comes out like that
baby pink color
[Music]
chocolates overnight or leave it minimum
two hours left a good few days and then
I'll probably add some more strawberries
to go on today so I'm just driving to
uni you need literally shades on its
17.5 degrees this is crazy if you don't
live in the UK it isn't even March yet
this is the pot where I sit in the car
for a while just you know contemplate
life a little bit and you know I need to
go and do some little tips that might
some of you might find useful so at the
first of every semester I sit down with
a calendar and just label the key date
these include like my deadlines and what
I've got coming up tutorials lectures
seminars and this way I'm just more
prepared in advance I used to always get
into the habit of leaving things to last
mix that just wasn't prepared and I just
feel like I've got ages to about doing
when actually like it comes out like
wicked moment and this way I can just
actually keep up with the work which I
prefer doing I prefer you know getting
the majority of it done earlier rather
than leaving it to like a few nights
before it's due in or the night before
sometimes and this also it keeps me way
less stressed like I used to when I
believe things last minute be searched
alright been absolute no I think it is
important to try and get to every single
lecture even if you know the intention
counts like if you've written it down in
your diary you're more likely to go to
say if I'm in a lecture and now I'm not
going to use I've nominees in an
assignment or exam and it's the
irrelevant which can be the case a lot
of the time one last case I literally
just like going back from do my own like
tasks like my own admin kind of work so
it's not like it's just wasted time so I
do think especially if you're doing
assignments and essays and dissertations
I do you think you can learn a lot from
the lectures because they tend to give
you really helpful tips and I've learnt
so much like that have made my
assignment writing an essay writing so
much quicker and easier because I've
actually got loads of notes from via and
my next tip would be to try and keep
everything separate I have actually got
like five notepads that I've got a
headlight you know like once one is uni
I know that it's work and I just write
down like all my weekly goals like dude
kind of like a
the overview of each one and that way it
just keeps things so clear you can't
really miss anything just split stuff
into like smaller girls I said you've
got one big assignment or ever write
down the days and hours like that you've
can put into to get that you know the
end goal finish and done and then in
terms of fitness and uni or work or
school whatever I find just keep a set
time each day if you can that is
obviously if you've skated with all the
different schedules if you work
different hours I'm like that's yeah
that's cool for me what helped me a lot
is having like a stick to kind of like a
similar time and I'll get into a routine
so a moment going sort of midday like
in-between my assignment or a thing and
working and stuff like just because I
find I can just have a little bit of a
break clean my head and it's really
quiet in the gym and I can also video
some content which is so handy because
the gym is quite empty at that time
predictor like a time that suits me and
then asthmatic on Jesus I'm at breakfast
so you can build some momentum that
worms me I know if I'm in this wing
going to the gym if I have to rest over
in a row I find it even harder to get to
the gym like the following day because
just you lose that momentum enough swing
when you're in the root of things it
just gets easier you do things quicker
and you just get used to it and I
haven't exactly useful and can
incorporate some of that whether that is
an uni work school or wherever emails I
think they're just general you can apply
them to any so that is the meal prep
today I'm having diced chicken on beef
meatball using there is some paprika or
purpose seasoning but obviously just you
know you can see the word whatever you
sounds a bit put these in the oven for
30 minutes and then I personally like to
put them in foil wrap some of our
Pacific Peaks reduces in then at 12
minutes I'm gonna put the whole week
on fill that with some water then at
like six minutes so this is all what I
do chopped up
obviously that's to go in the pan and
then some tomatoes peppers olives with
some feta both you can change it if you
don't like olives yeah this is all
what's so quick easy button lit she
takes less than an hour and you can just
obviously like swap and change if you
don't love you can add different
seasonings but yeah Neal pet literally
it honestly is so picking it doesn't
have to be expensive
or like long honestly this takes half an
hour you know most that's the cooking
time then next I use this so there's six
meals practically these were left me a
good few days and I just split it three
into like three meatballs and three
chicken these are really filling and
that just tastes so nice I've got some
feta or the pastor knows he can add sort
of today waiting happening for it in the
frigid this will be gone now now if be
seen
[Music]
so just got home how really good bag
thank you so much for watching video
I've really hope you enjoyed it and if
you haven't really add really sure to
LIKE and subscribe and I'll see you guys
in the next video